---
sidebar_label: "V3"
description: "Get price data of tokens via Price API V3."
title: "Price API V3"
---

<head>
    <title>Price API V3</title>
    <meta name="twitter:card" content="summary" />
</head>

Price API V3 aims to provide a one source of truth across all Jupiter UIs and integrator platforms. The simplified format allows easy integration while letting Jupiter handle the complexity of ensuring the accuracy of the provided prices.

:::note
Base URL: `https://lite-api.jup.ag/price/v3`

For higher rate limits, [refer to the API Key Setup doc](/docs/api-setup).
:::

## How Price is Derived

Price API V3 price tokens by using the **last swapped price (across all transactions)**. The swaps are priced by working outwards from a small set of reliable tokens (like SOL) whose price we get from external oracle sources.

While and also after deriving the last swap price, we also utilize a number of heuristics to ensure the accuracy of the price and eliminate any outliers:
- Asset origin and launch method
- Market liquidity metrics
- Market behaviour patterns
- Holder distribution statistics
- Trading activity indicators
- Market value to liquidity ratios

## Get Price

Simply request via the base URL with the query parameters of your desired mint addresses. You can also comma-separate them to request for multiple prices.

```jsx
const price = await (
    await fetch(
        'https://lite-api.jup.ag/price/v3?ids=So11111111111111111111111111111111111111112,JUPyiwrYJFskUPiHa7hkeR8VUtAeFoSYbKedZNsDvCN'
    )
).json();
console.log(JSON.stringify(price, null, 2));
```

## Price Response

Here is the sample response, notice a few details here:
- The `usdPrice` is the only price.
- The `decimals` response is helpful to display price information on the UI.
- The `blockId` can be used to verify the recency of the price.

```json
{
  "JUPyiwrYJFskUPiHa7hkeR8VUtAeFoSYbKedZNsDvCN": {
    "usdPrice": 0.4361053115779195,
    "blockId": 347148315,
    "decimals": 6
  },
  "So11111111111111111111111111111111111111112": {
    "usdPrice": 156.50987592469423,
    "blockId": 347148310,
    "decimals": 9
  }
}
```

## Limitations

#### Query limits
1. You can query up to 50 `ids` at once.

#### If the price for a token cannot be found, it might be due to
1. The token has not been traded recently - in the last 7 days.
